Sahidya/dedicated-egress-ip-logoush (#24639)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/logs/2025-08-22-dedicated-egress-ip-logpush.mdx

---
title: "Dedicated Egress IP for Logpush"
description: "Set up dedicated egress IPs for Logpush using Aegis IPs"
date: "2025-08-22"
---

> Cloudflare Logpush can now deliver logs from using fixed, dedicated egress IPs. By routing Logpush traffic through a Cloudflare zone enabled with [Aegis IP](/aegis/), your log destination only needs to allow Aegis IPs making setup more secure.

Reviewer: Perhaps this sounds better? Feel free to fix if the logic isn't captured accurately. 
```suggestion
Cloudflare Logpush can now deliver logs from using fixed, dedicated egress IPs. Routing Logpush traffic through a Cloudflare zone with Aegis IP improves security and allows your log destination to accept traffic exclusively from trusted Aegis IP addresses
```

Highlights:

- Fixed egress IPs ensure your destination only accepts traffic from known addresses.
- Works with any supported Logpush destination.
- Recommended to use a dedicated zone as a proxy for easier management.

> To get started, work with your Cloudflare account team to provision Aegis IPs, then configure your Logpush job to deliver logs through the proxy zone. For full setup instructions, see the [documentation](/logs/logpush/logpush-job/enable-destinations/egress-ip/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, work with your Cloudflare account team to provision Aegis IPs, then configure your Logpush job to deliver logs through the proxy zone. For full setup instructions, refer to the [Logpush documentation](/logs/logpush/logpush-job/enable-destinations/egress-ip/).
```
